Hi I'm Geoff Garrett,
the Dean of the Wharton School,
and I'm thrilled to introduce Wharton's Business Analytics specialization,
the first comprehensive set of online courses to
teach you how to use big data to make better business decisions.
In the 21st century,
it's not what you know that matters,
it's how you use what you know that will determine your success in business and in life.
No business school is a better place than Wharton to help you take charge of information,
not to be overwhelmed by it,
because no one does data and analysis better than the Wharton School.
Our research is cutting edge,
but we always have our eyes firmly focused
on practical uses in the real world of business.
Questions like "How can Analytics help you predict the future better?",
"How can Analytics help you make better business decisions?",
that's what Wharton's Business Analytics specialization is all about.
No surprise from Wharton will teach you how to use financial analytic tools,
but will also show you how to manage people through people analytics,
will help you understand customers and markets through customer analytics,
and will help you master logistics and supply chains through operation analytics.
The principles you'll learn are simple,
but they are so powerful.
These courses will feature some of
Wharton's most acclaimed professors or leaders in their fields.
Major corporations take full advantage of their expertise.
In this specialization, you can too.
Nothing could be more valuable to
your business education than a Wharton Business Analytics specialization.
Enroll now and you won't regret it.